##############################################################################
List of Hebrew tribes to zodiac signs, as given by various sources.
##############################################################################

---------------------

From Sepharial's Hebrew Astrology [pg. 30]:

Birth Order (not related to zodiac order):

Reuben
Simeon
Levi
Judah
Dan
Naphtali
Gad
Asher
Issacher
Zebulun
Joseph
Benjamin

Blessing Order (related to order of the zodiac signs, starting with Taurus):
Reuben   : Taurus
Simeon   : Gemini
Levi     : Cancer
Judah    : Leo
Zebulun  : Virgo
Issacher : Libra
Dan      : Scorpio
Gad      : Sagittarius
Asher    : Capricorn
Naphtali : Aquarius
Joseph   : Pisces
Benjamin : Aries

---------------------

From Sepharial's Cosmic Symbolism [pg. 116]:
(Same as given in Sepharial's Hebrew Astrology)

Blessing Order (related to order of the zodiac signs, starting with Taurus):
Reuben   : Taurus
Simeon   : Gemini
Levi     : Cancer
Judah    : Leo
Zebulun  : Virgo
Issacher : Libra
Dan      : Scorpio
Gad      : Sagittarius
Asher    : Capricorn
Naphtali : Aquarius
Joseph   : Pisces
Benjamin : Aries

---------------------

From Frank C. Higgins's "The Beginning of Masonry":

Hebrew tribes [pg. 62]:
Naphtali == Virgo
Levi     == Gemini

Hebrew tribes [pg. 76]:
Reuben   : Ram (Aries) 
Naphtali : Virgo

Hebrew tributes [pg. 107]:
Judah    : Lion (Leo) (East)


---------------------

From Gann's "Tunnel Thru The Air" [pg. 213-215]:
Issachar : Gemini
Reuben   : Libra

---------------------

Obtained from super_romeman's WITS post #19461, November 17, 2004.
http://finance.groups.yahoo.com/group/wheelsinthesky/message/19461

From Stowe's Bible Astrology (pg. 61-63):

"In the 49th chapter of Genesis, where Jacob blesses his twelve sons,
he is really giving the attributes of the twelve signs of the Zodiac.
…

"Jacob in blessing his sons spoke of the elder, Reuben, first, and
here we have names given and even the names of the mothers, so it
would seem rediculous [sic] to claim there was no such people.

"In giving the attributes of the Zodiac, Jacob assigns his eldest son
to Libra, which was formerly the ascending sign of the Zodiac, and
then goes backward on through the signs the same as the Sun seems to
go annually.

"1. Son, Reuben, which means 'behold a son.' Born of Leah. Assigned
to Libra.

"2. Son, Simeon, which means 'listening.' Born of Leah. Assigned to
Scorpio.

"3. Son, Levi, which means crown wealth, or success. Born of Leah.
Assigned to Sagittarius.

"4. Son, Judah, means praised. Born of Leah. Assigned to Capricornus.

"5. Son, Dan, means to judge. Born of Bilhah, Rachel's maid. Assigned
to Aquarius.

"6. Son, Naphtali, means wrestling. Born of Bilhah, Rachel's maid.
Assigned to Pisces.

"7. Son, Gad, means a troop or overcomers. Born of Zilpah, Leah's
maid. Assigned to Aries.

"8. Son, Ashar, means happiness. Born of Zilpah, Leah's maid.
Assigned to Taurus.

"9. Son, Issachar, means he is hired. Born of Leah and assigned to
Gemini.

"10. Son, Zebulun, means habitation. Born of Leah. Assigned to Cancer.

"11. Son, Joseph, means 'He shall add.' Born of Rachel. Assigned to
Leo.

"12. Son, Benoni, means calamity; changed to Benjamin, meaning son of
the right hand, or success. Born of Rachel. Assigned to Virgo."

---------------------

Taken from super_romeman's WITS post #19461, November 17, 2004.
http://finance.groups.yahoo.com/group/wheelsinthesky/message/19461


George W. Carey and Inez E. Perry, God-Man: The Word Made Flesh, pp.
17, 134


JACOB: Circle; heel-catcher; lier-in-wait. (Applied to the twelve
Zodiacal signs, in astrology; to the solar plexus, in physiology.)

LEAH: First wife of Jacob, represented in astrology by several of the
Zodiacal signs, namely: Reuben, Libra; Simeon, Scorpio; Levi,
Sagittarius; Judah, Capricorn; Issachar, Gemini; Zebulum, Cancer, and
Dinah, Leo. The name means, in Hebrew, wearied, weak, slow action,
inferior. (See cut.)

RACHEL: Second wife of Jacob: a ewe; Mother of Joseph and Benjamin,
represented in astrology by Virgo for Joseph; Benjamin having a
deeply esoteric significance. It represents the product.

BENJAMIN: Son of the right hand; son of my old age; called first, by
his mother, "son of my sorrow." He was the only child to be born in
Palestine -- the Holy Land. In Smith's Bible Dictionary we find
this, "The Ark was in Benjamin." To esoteric students this statement
is significant. Plainly speaking, Benjamin is the same as Jesus and
refers to the seed or son that redeems. …

In the allegory of the suns or sons of Jacob (see Genesis 29), the
fifth son was Dan, a judge, thus Daniel -- "Judge appointed by God,"
as El is face of God in Hebrew.

The first sun or son was Reuben or Libra, the loins, therefore the
fifth would be the legs, or Aquarius, sign of man, where the solar
system is now and where it will remain for over 2000 years.

---------------------

Taken from super_romeman's WITS post #19461, November 17, 2004.
http://finance.groups.yahoo.com/group/wheelsinthesky/message/19461

From Phylotus, Esoteric Masonry or the Storehouse Unlocked, p. 26-31:

SOLOMON.

This word is much disputed, but the best light to be found is in
tracing it back to its root found in the ancient Syriac and
means "Peaceful light." The prefix, "Sol," is undisputed. Literally,
the deep hidden meaning of the word is "The light of the sun." The
sun's rays are divided into three divisions. The first ray is
exercised during the spring months and has the power of germinating
and starting vegetation. The second ray exercises its influence
during the summer months and has the power of developing and
unfolding, while the third ray has a hardening or ripening influence.
So the birth of the pyscho-physical germ's influence is to awaken and
inspire, then to unfold and develop, and finally to deliver the
perfected fruit to the Great Master in the sanctum sanctorum.

The history of the twelve tribes of "Israel" with their "Kings" is
but another figure used to represent the rise and progress of man.
Remember that there are twelve signs of the Zodiac. What I shall say
now may seem to be a digression, but follow it closely to the end
mayhap you shall discover the FULL meaning of the word "SOLOMON."

We begin the circle with the sign Libra. This represents the tribe of
Reuben. What does the word "Reuben" mean? One who sees the light, or
sun. The chief characteristics of people born when the sun is in the
sign Libra, is perception, foresight, intuitiveness. You will see
that there is a plan, and that it was no accident, or mere caprice,
of man that these signs and names follow in their NATURAL order.

Next comes Scorpio. This sign represents Simeon, or Simon. What does
the word "Simon" mean? That hears, obeys. And what trait of character
is most prominent in Scorpio people? Obedience, and the demanding of
obedience when in authority.

Next, Sagittarius, representing the tribe of Levi. The word "Levi"
means adhesion, a sticking together. What characterizes Sagittarius
people? Fidelity, especially to the marriage vow.

Next Capricorn, which represents Judah. This word means praise,
especially praising the Deity. People born under this sign are unable
to find words to express their highest ideal of praise, so that
sometimes they all but suffer in their attempt to do so.

Next Aquarius, representing Dan. This word means judgment, or God is
my judge, or he that judges. People born under this sign are
intuitively quick in judgment, their first impressions usually being
correct in placing people.

Next Pisces, representing Naphtali. This word means wrestling,
correctly representing the nervous, wrestling nature of those born
under this sign.

Next Aries, representing Gad. This word means armed, or prepared,
expressing the nature of Aries people in that they are alert,
watchful.

Next Taurus, representing Asher. This word means blessed, or happy.
Taurus people are the naturally self-satisfied people of the earth.

Next, Gemini, representing Issachar, which means reward. Gemini
people seldom fail of reward owing to their persistent effort to
attain it.

Next, Cancer, representing Zebulum. This means dwelling, or
habitation. How people born under this sign do love their home. I may
insert here for your study this much, the sign of Cancer is
represented in the Zodiac by the Crab, and this creature carries its
home on its back; wherever it stops, all it has to do is withdraw
itself into its shell and it is at home. Think over the other signs.

Next, Leo, representing Joseph, which means added to. And now I must
pause and go deeply into this sign for it is full of significance.
You will find, by reference to the twenty-ninth chapter of Genesis,
that it is stated, "And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called
her name Dinah." This word means luminous, perfect. She was the
SEVENTH child born in the eleventh sign of the Zodiac. Now the figure
seven is mystically used throughout the scriptures. It is the perfect
SPIRITUAL number. But the spirit must have a body through which to
manifest, hence a physical body is ADDED TO Joseph. Read Isaiah 11:3.
Be sure to read Gen. 22:24. The question grows deeper.

Next Virgo, representing Benjamin, meaning Son of my right hand. Read
Gen. 35: 11-21. The word "Rachel" means ewe, or lamb, the sign of
Aries, and now you have the Lion (Leo)"lying down with the Lamb
(Aries)." What are the chief characteristics of Leo? They are double.
First a strong love nature and powerful sex proclivities. Second a
deep metaphysical meaning attaches to this word, as expressed in
passages already cited and which are found throughout the scriptures.
Do not fail to read the fifth verse of the fifth chapter of
Revelation. Now to interpret the last scripture cited. The word "Beth-
el" means "House, or place, of a tall reed burning with desire." The
word "Eprath" means "fruitful." The word "Edar" means "Flock-tower
(the masculine organ)." But read the twenty-first verse very
carefully and you will see that Jacob, or Israel, as he was
afterwards called, did not even hesitate here, but "Journeyed BEYOND"
this place. The word "Reuben," as we have seen, means, "One who sees
the sun, or light." The word "Bil-hah" means "modesty." Hence you
have the two united, and I may remark that one who is very wise is
characterized by modesty, as witnesseth the Great Master. The
tendency of true knowledge is to make one more humble and modest. I
have quoted somewhat concerning what I am now going to say, but that
there may be no misunderstanding, I am going to quote more fully. In
Psalms 91:13, we read, "Thou shalt tread upon the Lion and the adder
(serpent); the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under
feet (fish)." Now read and STUDY the entire eleventh chapter of the
prophecy of Isaiah. What does it all mean? Simply this: That out of
the union of Leo (Aries, the ewe Lamb) is born Virgo (the VIRGIN),
Benjamin, the son of my right hand. Where is the sign Leo? In the
heart, governing the BLOOD. Where is the sign Aries? In the head.
Plainly then, it is the cessation of sexual activity on the physical
plane, and a uniting of the life force (Leo) with the "Iesous," or
higher mind, in the Penial Gland, which organ is in the ARIES, or the
head. As already noted, Virgo means "Virgin." This "Virgin" is the
product of these two forces and is the PSYCHO-PHYSICAL germ with the
mark of incontinence missing. Is it not plain?

Now Solomon asked for "Wisdom," and as a reward was given to
understand all of these mysteries. The temple he built was not only a
perfect Human body, but a perfect Psychic and Spiritual Body. We are
to give our undivided attention to "Keeping this body under,"
conquering the emotions, passions and desires of the He Phren, or
lower mind. And we do this by preserving from any taint whatsoever
these germs. Never mind the Psychic and Spiritual body. "Seek first
the KINGDOM of Heaven, and all these things SHALL be added unto you."
The trouble with mankind is that they are continually seeking
something that lies outside, so to speak, instead of beginning at the
fountain head. Kingdom implies a possession of place. Now the place
of the kingdom of the soul or spirit is within the physical body, and
when you have, through the process already indicated, built
the "temple" you need not give yourself any concern about the "coming
of the Queen of Sheba (seven)," for the promise is sure and certain
and LIGHT will dawn. Do not forget the double significance of Leo,
Dinah and Joseph, both masculine and feminine. In the deepest
recesses of man he is intuitively FEMININE, but SHE will not manifest
herself until the "Temple" is prepared.

I have given you enough for you to take your bibles and read the
account of the building of the "temple" and see that each and every
article that enters into its construction is only a symbol of some
part of the human organism. I give you one illustration to help you
in your study. The right and left pillars of the temple (Jachim and
Boaz, meaning "strength" and "cheerfulness") are the right and left
legs of the body. The "three walls of hewn stone with one upright
column of Cedar wood" are the three walls, or linings, of the
stomach, with that part of the spinal column reaching from the pelvis
up to where the first ribs unite. With patience and perseverance you
may now unfold the riddle, thereby "making proficiency" for the next
degree.

What do you mean by saying "Free born and of lawful age, etc.?" In
that you were not born a slave and are by law twenty-one years of
age? Witness how far you miss the mark. The vast majority of children
born into the world are fruit of accident, the parents not knowing
with certainty just when the conception took place. I may say, and
what a sad commentary upon our twentieth century civilization, that
many, many of them are the fruit of LUST. Now just so far as your
parents were actuated and controlled by the desires, emotions and
passions of the flesh when you were conceived, just so far are you
not FREE born, but are just so much a slave to these same things. In
other words, just so far as the psycho-physical germ was impregnated
with "The things of the flesh" and resulted in a physical body for
your habitation, just so far are you not "FREE FROM THE LAW OF SIN
AND DEATH." What do you mean by "Lawful age?" Twenty-one years old?
Witness how far you miss the mark. We find that Solomon was four
years preparing the material for the "Temple" before the actual
construction began. So also it is four years from the time you
preserve your first psycho-physical germ until you have ONE MATURING
ALL THE TIME, or a continual supply for the builders. Do you suppose
that the germ from which you sprang, or your children sprang, was
four years old? And had it been carefully kept from the contaminating
emotions, desires and passions of the flesh? "STRAIGHT is the path
and narrow is the gate, and FEW there be that go in thereat." May the
Great Architect help you make proficiency in Geometry.

---------------------

Taken from super_romeman's WITS post #37915, September 22, 2007.
http://finance.groups.yahoo.com/group/wheelsinthesky/message/37915

From Gann-list author, H. E. BUTLER.

Butler is commenting upon Gen. 49 vs. Rev. 21:19,20 in The Esoteric: A Magazine of Advanced and Practical Esoteric Thought (June 1888, pp. 458-459), of which he was editor:

"Solar Biology is a commentary on the Bible, throughout which we can decipher all the now mysterious parts. It gives us the nature of all persons born in the twelve signs of the zodiac, through which the earth passes during the year. The Israelites began their new year with the sign (Libra). By reading the 29th. chapter of Genesis beginning with the 32d. verse, you will find that the order in which these twelve sons were born and the meaning of their names correspond most perfectly with the leading character of their signs.

"The name of the first son of Jacob was Reuben, which means 'vision of light;' belonging to the month of (Libra) from September 22d. to October 23d., and the stone allotted by the angel that gave the Revelation to John, was the Crysolite.

"The second son was Simeon, (Scorpio,) which is from October 23d. to November 22d., and the stone allotted by the same authority was the Beryl, i.e. Aquarius, and many authors ally the Opal to the same sign or period of birth.

"The third son was Levi, (Saggitarius,) from November 22d. to December 21st., the angel allotted the Topaz to all in that sign.

"The fourth was Judah, (Capricorn) from December 21st. to January 20th. The Chrysoprasus, probably the Turquois.

"The fifth was Dan, (Aquarius), from January 20th. to Feb. 19th., to which was allied the Jacinth, Zircon or Hyacinth, and some authors ally the garnet.

"The sixth son was Napthali, (Pisces) February 19th. to March 21st., to that period or tribe head was allied the Amethyst.

"The seventh son was Gad, (Aries) from March 21st. to April 19th., to which is allied the Jasper, or Bloodstone.

"The eighth son was Asher, (Taurus) April 19th. to May 20th.; to it is allied the Sapphire; and many authors give it also the Diamond.

"The ninth son was Issachar, (Gemini), born between May 20th. and June 21st. Allied to it was the Chalcedony, Onyx or Agate.

"The tenth son was Zebulun, (Cancer) from June 21st. to July 22d., to it was allied the Emerald.

"The eleventh child was Dinah, or Diana, the only daughter, representing the interior or the soul; the "woman"in mystical language.

"The next son must stand as the physical or external expression, so Joseph was placed in that sign which is (Leo) the heart, the time of which is from July 22d. to Aug. 22d.; to this sign is allied the Sardonyx (a reddish yellow or nearly an orange colored stone) and by most authorities the Ruby and Carbuncle.

"We then have to turn to chap. xxxv. verses 22d. and 23d., where the account is given of the birth of Benjamin, (Virgo), between August 22d. and September 22d., to which sign is allied the Sardius or Carnelian.

"It will be observed on comparing the statement of the order as given in Revelation, that it differs from that of Genesis in that the angel in this 21st. chapter began where the perfect state is reached, the time for ultimates, with (Aries) the head or intellectual function. And in the 7th. chapter, with Judah, (Capricorn), the business function. We may in the future take up and show why this was, and also concerning the comparison of the names of the tribes which will be seen of vital interest to those making attainments and coming into divine order.

"Many great and grand secrets lie hidden behind this most ancient science that we now just begin to know as Solar Biology. It would take a large volume to contain a clear elucidation, and therefore we have only given a few fragments of thought on this great subject.

"I am your Fellow Servant,
"H. E. BUTLER. "

http://books.google.com/books?id=Q3cDAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA458

---------------------

Taken from super_romeman's WITS post #6910, December 12, 2002.
http://finance.groups.yahoo.com/group/wheelsinthesky/message/6910


Two different lists are given in super_romeman's post, from these sources:
  - Rabbi Joel C. Dobin in "Kabbalistic Astrology: The Sacred Tradition of the Hebrew Sages"
  - The Rev. E. W. Bullinger, from Gann's reading list.


super_romeman's post message:


Joe, this issue is SO complicated you wouldn't believe it! Let me try
to bring what little light I can to it.

1) The 12 sons of Jacob (later renamed Israel, after he struggled
with an angel) are listed in the penultimate chapter of the first
book of the Bible (namely, Genesis 49).

These sons are: Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, Zebulun, Gad,
Asher, Dan, Naphtali, Joseph, and Benjamin.

From these 12 sons sprang the 12 tribes of Israel.

2) Moses (several centuries after Israel's death) at a certain point
set the tribe of Levi apart as a priestly tribe. The number of tribes
was still considered 12, however, because Joseph had two sons,
Ephraim and Manasseh.

Therefore the tribes now became Reuben, Simeon, Judah, Issachar,
Zebulun, Gad, Asher, Dan, Naphtali, Ephraim, Manasseh, and Benjamin.

3) It is important to understand that Abraham was NOT a Jew, Isaac
(Abraham's son) was NOT a Jew, and Israel was NOT a Jew. The Jews are
descendants of only ONE of the tribes of Israel, namely Judah. So the
descendants of Israel's son Judah are Jews, but only his descendants.

4) After the death of King Solomon, the descendants of Jacob/Israel
were divided into two camps or nations: the Northern Kingdom of
Israel and the Southern Kingdom of Judah (and Benjamin). So there was
a King of Israel and a King of Judah. (Indeed, the first time the
word Jews is mentioned in the Authorized or King James Version of the
Bible, Israel was at war with the Jews, II Kings 16:5-6!).

5) From 721-718 BCE (before the common era or BC), the 10 Tribes of
Israel in the Northern Kingdom were taken captive by the Assyrians
and they disappeared as a nation. To this day, no adequate historical
explanation exists, other than to say they were assimilated amongst
other peoples. Hence, since that time, Judah has become synonymous
with Israel, because the tribe of Judah (with Benjamin) was the only
one left representing the patriarch.

6) A theory that exists and is believed by some Christians (a real
minority) is that the 10 Lost Tribes of Israel, as they are known,
gradually migrated north into what is Europe and that they can be
identified today. Among many other things, the theory suggests,
ingeniously, that along the way they left certain indications of
their identity -- hence we have the DANube River, the city of GDANsk
(or DANzig), and the nation of DENmark (supposedly Dan's mark)
indicating Dan's alleged movement north. One of the loudest
proclaimers of this theory was Herbert W. Armstrong, a radio and TV
preacher of the 20th century, who wrote a long and detailed book on
the subject (said to have been plagiarized from the work of
predecessors, by the way):

http://www.cogneo.org/literature/hwa/books/britain.pdf

This theory is known as British-Israelism or Anglo-Israelism and
teaches that Britain, the United States, and several of the European
nations are the Lost Ten Tribes of Israel in modern times, and that,
indeed, the British Kings and Queens have been direct descendants
from the patriach Israel himself. Sepharial, the astrologer prominent
on Gann's reading list, makes several favorable references to this
theory toward the end of his life, when he was more evangelical but
still astrological. I see no evidence in Gann's writings that he
subscribed to this belief at all, although he did give a Messianic
role in "The Tunnel Thru the Air" to both its hero Robert Gordon and
the nation he was defending in war, the United States of America, but
probably for other reasons.

7) As regards the direction question of attribution of Zodiacal signs
to the tribes, Rabbi Joel C. Dobin in "Kabbalistic Astrology: The
Sacred Tradition of the Hebrew Sages" makes the following list (p.
34):

Taurus - Reuben
Gemini - Sim(e)on
Cancer - Levi
Leo - Judah
Virgo - Zebulun
Libra - Issachar
Scorpio - Dan
Sagittarius - Gad
Capricorn - Asher
Aquarius - Naphtali
Pisces - Joseph
Aries - Benjamin

Clearly this would refer to the 12 tribes at the time of Israel's
blessing to them in Genesis 49, before the tribe of Joseph
was "divided" in two. (So that becomes one issue in such lists: Is
Joseph in the list as one tribe or are there two tribes, Ephraim and
Manasseh in his place?)

The Rev. E. W. Bullinger, from Gann's reading list, assigns the
tribes as follows:

Taurus - Ephriam & Manasseh
Gemini - Benjamin
Cancer - Issachar
Leo - Judah
Virgo - Zebulun
Libra - Levi
Scorpio - Dan
Sagittarius - Asher
Capricorn - Naphtali
Aquarius - Reuben
Pisces - Simeon
Aries - Gad

http://philologos.org/bpr/files/Sky_Signs/ss003.htm

As you can see, only 25% of Bullinger's list corresponds with that of
Dobin.

And if you do an Internet search, you will find that it doesn't stop
there. There are still MORE variations of the attributions for the
children of Israel.

This site, for example, mixes and matches the above lists and throws
in some new attributions to boot (Aries - Reuben, Taurus - Simeon,
Gemini - Levi, and Cancer - Benjamin):

http://www.artesmagicae.com/primordintro.htm

And so on and on and on.

Just to add the coup de grace to the whole thing, Gann writes in "The
Tunnel Thru the Air" (p. 213):

"Robert [Gordon, the hero of the novel] had gone deeply into the
Bible study in order to learn more about the great science of
Astrology. From the Bible he interpreted that he belonged to the
tribe of Issachar, the fifth son of Jacob and that this name
indicated price, reward, recompense."

We know that Robert Gordon was "born in June under the sign of
Gemini" (pp. 1 and 214).

NO list that I have seen to date assigns Issachar to Gemini!

This is not a pretty picture.

best, romeman

---------------------

##############################################################################
